docs: Updated for 1.6 release (#2000)
trisyoungs/duq: web/docs/userguide/guide/analysissites.md

---
title: Analysis Sites
description: Defining points of reference for structural investigation
---

### Overview

Assuming that you have run a simulation - be it one that has just been equilibrated to give a reference simulation, one that has been created to test a "structural hypothesis", or one which has been fully refined against experimental data - at some point you will want to calculate something interesting from it in order to try and understand it at some atomic or molecular level. There is plenty of information contained in the radial distribution functions calculated by the {{< module "GR" >}} module, for sure, but something a little more targeted is usually useful.

Typically, you will want to be asking questions along the lines of:
- What is the centre-of-mass distribution of this molecule around another?
- Which molecules like to hydrogen bond to this specific OH group?
- What are the angular distributions of molecules around this ring plane?

> Etcetera, etcetera. Most of these questions consider the distribution of one or more specific sites around some other specific site, where a site could be the inferred centre-of-mass or centre-of-geometry of a group of atoms, a specific atom itself, or anywhere inbetween. Dissolve requires you to define any sites of interest for individual species on the species themselves (on the [species tab]({{< ref speciestab >}})) and these can then be referenced by any of the [analysis modules]({{< ref analysis >}}) that are available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Etcetera, etcetera. Most of these questions consider the distribution of one or more specific sites around some other specific site, where a site could be the inferred centre-of-mass or centre-of-geometry of a group of atoms, a specific atom itself, or anywhere in between. Dissolve requires you to define any sites of interest for individual species on the species themselves (on the [species tab]({{< ref speciestab >}})) and these can then be referenced by any of the [analysis modules]({{< ref analysis >}}) that are available.
```
